Otp2 cleanup raptor (#4686)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: src/main/java/org/opentripplanner/raptor/package.md

- It is modular, with several pluggable components. The wiring is done in separate assembly classes
  (configure classes).
- To provide Transit data for the algorithm you need to implement a _data provider_ in the `spi` 
  package.

## Components
TODO - Add a package diagram here.

The main point of entry is the `RaptorService`.

### API

The Raptor API request and response classes. This package also contain some elements used by
the API and SPI, like the `o.o.raptor.api.model` package.

### SPI

The SPI have all the interfaces and data classes needed to provide Raptor with a transit model for 
routing. Raptor does not hold onto any transit data, only the state needed to do a search. No state 
is preserved in Raptor between routing calls.

### Configure

The `RaptorConfig` is responsible for the "manuel" dependency injection used to create a valid 
Raptor components based on the configuration passed in. The api `RaptorProfile` list all valid 
combinations of router and state. The api `Optimization` is used to turn on/off optimization, 
currently only the destination pruning is used.

### Service

> The service put components together to be able to serve different use-cases. It responsibility is 
> to run and inject heuristics, manage threading and so on. It is mainly just orchestration using the
> `configure` to create components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service puts components together to be able to serve different use-cases. Its responsibility is 
to run and inject heuristics, manage threading and so on. It is mainly just orchestration using the
`configure` to create components. 
```

### Range Raptor

> This is the algorithm implementation. There are two main versions, the multi-critera and the single-
> criteria range raptor. The multi-critera version has its own state implementation and can only do 
> forward( in time) routing. The single criteria router can search both forward and backward in time,
> and has different state implementation for keeping track of the result. For example, if you do not 
> need to produce result paths, only stop-arrivals information, then the faster "Best time" state 
> can be used. Some featuress like support for constrained transfers, need to look back to the 
> previous arrival while seaching, so the service/configure module will automatically chose the 
> optimal state to use based on the request/features enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the algorithm implementation. There are two main versions, the multi-critera and the single-
criteria range raptor. The multi-critera version has its own state implementation and can only do 
forward (in time) routing. The single criteria router can search both forward and backward in time,
and has different state implementation for keeping track of the result. For example, if you do not 
need to produce result paths, only stop-arrivals information, then the faster "Best time" state 
can be used. Some features like support for constrained transfers, need to look back to the 
previous arrival while searching, so the service/configure module will automatically choose the 
optimal state to use, based on the request/features enabled.
```
